[THINKING]
THE ONLY THING WORSE
THAN BEING LOST...
IS BEING HUNGRY AND LOST.
HUH?
FOOD!
HEY!
I CAN'T EAT MAGAZINES!
HUH? WHOA. IT'S ZANE.
THESE ARE PRETTY OLD.
BACK FROM WHEN HE WAS
STILL UNDEFEATED!
I WONDER WHAT HE'S UP TO.
HE SORTA VANISHED AFTER...
AFTER HE LOST TO ASTER PHOENIX!
Syrus: WHAT HAPPENED, ZANE?
YOU USED TO BE THE BEST.
AND NOW YOU'RE JUST
THE BUTT OF EVERYONE'S JOKES.
I MEAN, LOOK.
YOU LOST TEN DUELS
IN A ROW
AND GOT BUMPED DOWN
TO THE AMATEURS!
POOR SOLIDER.
HE NEEDS SOME R&R!
WELL, IF MY BROTHER
HIT ROCK BOTTOM...
I'M SURE I'D FEEL
THE SAME WAY.
AND IF ZANE WERE
MY BROTHER,
I'D CHANGE MY LAST NAME!
HEY, GUESS WHAT, SYRUS!
NOW THERE'S SOMEONE
OUT THERE
WHO'S EVEN LAMER
THAN YOU ARE!
OF COURSE...THERE IS
STILL HOPE FOR HIM!
ALL THAT HE NEEDS TO DO...
IS JOIN THE SOCIETY
OF LIGHT!
AND SO DO YOU TWO!
OR YOU'LL END UP
JUST LIKE ZANE.
HUH? HI, ALEXIS!
YOU'LL JOIN, RIGHT?
OH! AAH! OHH!
CHAZZ IS RIGHT.
THAT'S MINE!
AND IT'S TRASH!
SENSATIONALIST GARBAGE.
DON'T BELIEVE
THIS STUFF!
ZANE'S GONNA WIN TONIGHT!
I JUST KNOW IT!
OHH.
EXCELLENT POINT.
HAVE YOU SEEN
HIS OPPONENT?
HE'S A JOKE.
THAT'S RIGHT.
IF YOUR BROTHER LOSES
TO THIS GUY...
THEN WHAT?
HIS CAREER
REALLY IS OVER.
♪ CHILLING OUT WITH
THE CREW IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ BACK AT CLASS,
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOTTA
LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES, HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM ON
TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GENERATION NEXT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE
AND WIN THIS FIGHT ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE SOMEHOW ♪
♪ YEAH, YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ COME ON AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
BO-RING!
MY KID DUELS BETTER
THAN THIS!
GIMME A BREAK!
THIS IS LAME!
MAGICAL SCIENTIST,
ATTACK ZANE DIRECTLY!
HEE HEE!
FLASH WAVE!
HA HA!
YET ANOTHER LOSS
FOR ZANE TRUESDALE!
I THINK IT'S SAFE TO SAY...
HIS CAREER IS OFFICIALLY OVER!
I WANNA REFUND!
GO BACK TO SCHOOL,
YA ROOKIE!
ZANE! YOU SHOULD CHANGE
YOUR NAME TO "LAME!"
YEAH! LAME TRUESDALE!
HA HA HA!
Man: LOOK, KID...
MY COMPANY ONLY HIRES
THE BEST PLAYERS
IN THE WORLD.
WHEN WE SIGNED YOU ON...
WE EXPECTED A CHAMPION.
INSTEAD WE GOT YOU.
AND I DON'T PAY
FOR FAILURE, SON.
[THINKING]
WHAT'S WRONG WITH ME?
WHY AM I AFRAID TO DUEL?!
QUITE A DUEL,
MR. TRUESDALE.
IN FACT...
I HEARD IT MAY'VE
BEEN YOUR LAST ONE.
SAYS WHO?
VARIOUS MEMBERS
OF THE PRESS.
BUT, HEY...WHO
REALLY READS THE PAPER
OR WATCHES TV
THESE DAYS?
LOOK, PAL...BUZZ OFF.
I'M SORRY.
LET'S START OVER,
SHALL WE?
THE NAME'S MR. SHROUD.
AND I THINK
I CAN HELP YOU.
REALLY,
HOW'S THAT?
BY GETTING YOU BACK
ON TOP, OF COURSE.
WHY, ISN'T THAT
WHAT YOU WANT?
CHEERING FANS
AND SOLD OUT ARENAS?
ZANE! IF YOU STICK
WITH ME,
I'LL GET YOU BACK
EVERYTHING YOU LOST!
BUT DON'T BE FOOLED.
IT WON'T BE EASY.
WE'RE GONNA HAVE TO
START WAY BACK
AT THE VERY BEGINNING.
I'M GONNA REINVENT
YOU, ZANE!
IT'LL BE YOUR REBIRTH!
HOW'S THAT?
WELL, WE'LL BEGIN
AT THE BOTTOM.
FAR FROM
THE CAMERA'S EYE.
WHERE THE PRESS
CAN'T SLANDER YOU.
TELL ME, ZANE...
EVER HEAR OF "UNDERGROUND
DUELING" BEFORE?
IT'S NOT AS GLAMOROUS
AS THE PRO LEAGUE.
HOWEVER...LET'S JUST SAY
IT HAS ITS ADVANTAGES.
LOOK, MR. SHROUD.
I GRADUATED AT
THE TOP OF MY CLASS.
UNDERGROUND DUELS
AREN'T MY BAG.
IF YOU EXPECT TO
SALVAGE YOUR CAREER...
YOU DON'T HAVE
A CHOICE.
NOW THEN...
CARE TO RECONSIDER
YOUR DECISION?
HEH HEH HEH!
[SIRENS]
I HEAR ZANE TRUESDALE
IS DUELING TONIGHT.
Announcer:
ATTENTION, SPECTATORS!
TONIGHT'S DUEL WILL BE
A STEEL CAGE MATCH!
THERE ARE NO-HOLDS-BARRED
AND NO MEANS OF ESCAPE!
[CROWD GASPING]
AND NOW ENTERING THE RING...
FROM PARTS UNKNOWN...
IT'S THE UNDEFEATED
CAGE KING...MAD DOG!
AARGH!
AND HIS CHALLENGER...
THE FIRST DUEL ACADEMY
GRADUATE TO EVER GRACE
OUR SQUARED CIRCLE...
FORMER PRO LEAGUE CHAMP,
ZANE TRUESDALE!
TALK ABOUT HITTING
ROCK BOTTOM.
[THINKING]
THIS SHOULDN'T BE
TOO TOUGH.
I BET THIS POSER
HASN'T HAD ANY
TRAINING AT ALL.
HUH?
DON'T WORRY 'BOUT THOSE.
THEY JUST MAKE THE DUEL...
A BIT MORE ELECTRIFYING.
WHAT?!
NOW REMEMBER,
ZANE...
YOU'RE FORBIDDEN
TO LEAVE THE CAGE
UNTIL THE MATCH
IS OVER.
OH, YES...AND ABOUT
YOUR OPPONENT...
HE'S KNOWN TO BE
QUITE DANGEROUS.
[CHILD-LIKE VOICE]
THAT'S RIGHT,
POOPY HEAD!
MY MOMMY SAYS I'M
REALLY STRONG!
YOU HEAR ME!
I TAKE GUYS LIKE YOU...
AND EAT 'EM
FOR BREAKFAST!
Announcer: ALL RIGHT!
LET THE GAME BEGIN!
ARRR!
[THINKING]
THIS IS IT.
HA HA HA!
ME FIRST!
NO BACKSIES!
I PLAY...
ACID SLIME
IN DEFENSE MODE!
THEN I'LL PLACE THIS
FACEDOWN AND END MY TURN.
IS THAT ALL?
WATCH THIS.
I'LL THROW DOWN
A FACEDOWN...
AND THEN ACTIVATE...
MY DIFFERENT
DIMENSION CAPSULE!
SO HERE'S
HOW IT WORKS.
FIRST I PICK A CARD.
THEN I REMOVE THAT
CARD FROM THE GAME.
BUT AFTER
THREE TURNS...
MY CAPSULE
ACTIVATES.
AND THE CARD
I REMOVED...
COMES BACK
TO MY HAND!
AND NOW...
I SUMMON THIS!
MY CYBER DRAGON
IN ATTACK MODE!
ATTACK ME!
I DOUBLE DARE YOU!
[THINKING]
IF I DESTROY
HIS ACID SLIME...
I TAKE 800 POINTS
OF DAMAGE!
SO I MIGHT AS WELL
PLAY IT COOL
FOR NOW.
DID I SCARE
YOU ALREADY?
WELL GET A LOAD
OF THIS!
MY TRAP CARD:
LAST MACHINE ACID VIRUS!
NOW HERE'S THE DEAL!
I SACRIFICE
A WATER MONSTER...
THEN THE HURT STARTS!
'CAUSE EVERY ONE
OF YOUR MACHINES...
LIKE THAT CYBER DRAGON...
IS INSTANTLY CRUSHED!
AND THAT GOES FOR
THE NEXT THREE ROUNDS,
LITTLE MAN!
HUH?!
OH, WELL!
ACID VIRUS...
ACTIVATE!
HA HA!
AND FOR EACH BEAST
THAT GOES BYE BYE...
YOU 500 LOSE POINTS!
WHAT THE? AAH!
HOLD ON. WHAT'S
THE DEAL, SHROUD?
DIDN'T I WARN YOU?
TO KEEP THE DUEL
INTERESTING...
EVERY TIME YOU LOSE
LIFE POINTS,
YOU RECEIVE
AN ELECTRIC SHOCK.
BE CAREFUL.
THIS GAME CAN TAKE
A LOT OUT OF YOU.
TRUST ME.
THIS IS A MATCH
YOU DON'T WANT TO LOSE,
MR. TRUESDALE.
YOU LIED TO ME!
YOU'LL PAY
FOR THIS, SHROUD!
THAT'S NOT FAIR.
JUST LOOK.
A SOLD OUT ARENA...
FANS CHEERING YOU
TO VICTORY...
I GAVE YOU EXACTLY
WHAT I PROMISED.
YOU WANT FAME?
THEN YOU HAVE TO
PAY THE PRICE.
YOU OUGHTA KNOW...
NOTHING COMES EASY
IN THIS WORLD.
NOW GO FIGHT FOR YOUR LIFE!
GO ON.
YOUR PUBLIC IS WAITING.
DON'T DISAPPOINT THEM.
DUEL ALREADY!
LOOK, HE'S AFRAID!
I WANT A REFUND!
BRING IT ON.
OH, IT'S BRINGED!
JUST WATCH.
I'M PLAYIN' 'DIS!
IT'S MY CONTINGENCY FEE!
FOR STARTERS, YOU DRAW
A BUNCH OF CARDS
UNTIL YA GOT SIX.
THEN I GET AN EXTRA
1,000 LIFE POINTS
FOR EVERY CARD
YOU PICK UP!
BUT I'M AFRAID
THAT'S NOT ALL!
THANKS TO MY LAST
MACHINE ACID VIRUS...
I GET TO
CHECK YOUR CARDS
FOR MACHINE MONSTERS!
SORRY.
NO MACHINES HERE.
OH, YEAH?
TIME TO CHANGE THAT!
WITH THIS SPELL CARD!
CARD DESTRUCTION!
NOW WE DROP ALL
THE CARDS WE'RE HOLDIN'...
AND PICK UP
A WHOLE NEW HAND!
THREE MORE CARDS
FOR ME.
SIX FOR YOU.
GO AHEAD.
CHECK 'EM OUT.
IT HELPS...IF YOU
TURN 'EM AROUND.
ERR!
I SPY WITH MY LITTLE EYE...
OHH! HA HA HA!
FOUR MACHINE MONSTERS!
SO THANKS TO ACID VIRUS,
I GET TWO GRAND
IN LIFE POINTS!
HERE WE GO!
YOU'RE ABOUT TO GET
A BIG BOO-BOO!
AAH!
[GASPING]
WE'RE NOT DONE YET!
I PLAY POT OF GREED!
WHICH LETS ME DRAW
TWO CARDS.
THEN I SUMMON...
CLONE SLIME
IN DEFENSE MODE!
I'LL END MY TURN
WITH THESE.
GIVE UP YET?
ALL RIGHT...
MY MOVE!
[THINKING]
THIS SPELL CARD
MIGHT JUST BE
THE CURE
TO HIS ACID VIRUS!
ERR!
I ACTIVATE
FUTURE FUSION!
SO BY MOVING FUSION
MONSTERS
FROM MY DECK
TO MY GRAVE...
I CAN FORM
A NEW MONSTER!
AND SUMMON IT NOW!
AFRAID NOT!
YOU TRIGGERED MY TRAP!
JAMMER SLIME!
SO I SACRIFICE THIS!
♪ NOW YOU CAN'T USE
YOUR SPELL CARD ♪
SORRY, BUT YOU'RE
IN MY WORLD.
AND IN HERE...
I CALL THE SHOTS!
UNH!
AND THE CARD
I SACRIFICED...
WAS DRAW SLIME!
AND WHENEVER IT'S SENT
TO THE GRAVEYARD...
I'M ALLOWED TO DRAW
ANOTHER CARD!
DON'T WORRY.
DEEP DOWN INSIDE,
I'M REALLY JUST A BIG SOFTY.
SO I'M GONNA HELP
YOU OUT A BIT.
NO THANKS.
TOO LATE 'CAUSE
I PLAY...
DESPISED REALITY!
NOW YOU GET TO SUMMON
A LEVEL-4 MONSTER!
BUT IF I WERE YOU
I WOULDN'T CELEBRATE
JUST YET,
YOU STINKY DIAPER FACE!
HUH?
'CAUSE ONCE YOU
PLAY YOUR CARD...
I DRAW TWO CARDS.
SO THINK
BEFORE YOU SUMMON.
'CAUSE IF YOU
CHOOSE NOT TO PLAY
A MONSTER RIGHT NOW...
THEN I LOSE
1,000 LIFE POINTS!
SO, ZANE,
WHAT'S IT GONNA BE?
[THINKING]
THE ONLY WAY
TO WIN THIS
IS TO GET MY
MONSTERS OUT THERE.
I ACCEPT!
SO I'LL SUMMON MY
PROTO-CYBER DRAGON
TO THE FIELD!
[ROARS]
SORRY TO RAIN ON
YOUR PARADE, MAD DOG...
BUT MY NEW DRAGON
DWARFS YOUR
LITTLE SLIME BALL.
SO WHAT?
I STILL GET TWO CARDS.
YOUR LAST!
NOW PROTO-CYBER DRAGON,
DESTROY HIS CLONE SLIME!
[ROARS]
YOU'RE SO CLOSE...
YET SO FAR!
'CAUSE WHEN MY
SLIME'S ATTACKED...
I GET TO REPLACE IT
WITH A MONSTER
FROM MY GRAVEYARD!
YOU REMEMBER MY
ACID SLIME, DON'T YOU?
ERR!
NOW FOR HIS
LITTLE TRICK.
HUH?
WHENEVER ACID SLIME'S
DESTROYED IN BATTLE...
YOU LOSE
800 LIFE POINTS!
AND A BLAST LIKE THAT
OUGHTA BE
QUITE A SHOCK
TO YOUR SYSTEM!
HUH?
AAH!
[LAUGHING]
I'M STILL...
STANDING.
NOT FOR LONG!
MY TURN!
I'VE BEEN WAITIN'
FOR THIS.
TIME TO KNOCK YOU
ON YOUR TUSHY!
SO I PLAY THIS!
SLIME BASE!
NOW I GET TO SUMMON
A SLIME MONSTER!
SO GET A LOAD
OF THIS GUY!
IT'S MULTIPLE SLIME!
ALL RIGHT, SLIMY!
DESTROY HIS
CYBER DRAGON NOW!
PRIMORDIAL OOZE ATTACK!
ERR. AAH!
LOOKS LIKE
YOU'VE HAD ENOUGH.
FOR NOW, ANYWAY.
MR. TRUESDALE!
I TOLD YA YOU HAD TO
START AT THE BOTTOM.
AND IT DOESN'T GET
ANY LOWER THAN THIS.
YOU'VE REACHED
THE BOTTOM
OF THE BARREL.
ONLY ONE PLACE TO
GO FROM HERE.
YEAH, OUT!
'CAUSE I QUIT!
I DON'T WANNA BE A PART
OF THIS WORLD, SHROUD!
NOW OPEN THAT DOOR!!
IMPOSSIBLE.
THE MATCH ISN'T
OVER YET.
IF YOU WANT OUT
SO BADLY,
ALL YOU
HAVE TO DO IS WIN.
I CAN'T!
IF I DRAW
A MACHINE CARD...
HE'LL DESTROY ME
WITH HIS SLIME MONSTER.
IT'S OVER.
WHAT HAVE YOU GOT
TO LOSE?
NOT YOUR REPUTATION.
NOR YOUR PRIDE.
THEY'RE GONE.
AND IF YOU WERE
TO GIVE UP
THIS FIGHT
RIGHT NOW...
YOU WOULD NEVER
GET THEM BACK.
STOP!
THE REALITY IS...
YOU'VE ALREADY LOST
EVERYTHING.
WHAT YOU NEED TO DO
NOW IS LET GO
OF YOUR PAST
AND MOVE ON.
NOW LEAVE
THE OLD ZANE
LOCKED UP
IN THAT STEEL CAGE.
WHAT ABOUT MY FRIENDS?
THEY'RE ALL GONE.
EXCEPT ME.
EVERYONE'S DESERTED ME.
I GOTTA GO POTTY.
SO HURRY UP.
SO IT'S EXCITEMENT
YOU WANT?
THEN LET
THE FUN BEGIN!
'CAUSE NOW THAT
THREE TURNS ARE UP...
MY CAPSULE
IS ACTIVATED!
AND THE CARD
INSIDE...
GETS RETURNED
TO MY HAND.
THEN I PLAY...
MY POWER BOND SPELL!
THIS ALLOWS ME
TO SEND SOME
FUSION MONSTERS
TO MY GRAVEYARD.
THEN I CAN MERGE
THEM TOGETHER
AND AUTOMATICALLY
SUMMON
THIS NEW MONSTER
TO THE FIELD!
OF COURSE...
THERE'S A PROBLEM.
I'M SHORT ON CARDS.
OH, WELL,
I GUESS I'LL
HAVE TO PLAY
MY CYBERNETIC
FUSION SUPPORT!
ONCE I PAY HALF
MY LIFE POINTS...
I CAN SKIP A STEP.
NOW I CAN SUMMON
MY NEW MONSTER
WITHOUT
ANY SACRIFICES!
MEET CYBER
END DRAGON!
AND THANKS
TO POWER BOND...
ITS STRENGTH
IS DOUBLED!
AS AN INTERESTING
SIDE NOTE...
WHEN I'M DONE...
POWER BOND'S
SPECIAL EFFECT
KICKS IN.
CAUSING ME TO LOSE
4,000 LIFE POINTS.
HOWEVER...I PLAN TO
DEFEAT YOU FIRST!
HA HA HA! NICE TRY.
BUT I MAKE
THE RULES 'ROUND HERE!
GO, SLIME BALL!
THIS LITTLE BEAUTY
BOOSTS MY LIFE POINTS
BY THE SAME AMOUNT
AS YOUR DRAGON'S
ATTACK POINTS!
BUT THAT'S NOT ALL
MY CARD DOES!
SAY BYE-BYE
TO YOUR FRIEND!
AAH!
THOUGHT YA HAD ME,
DIDN'T YA, TRUESDALE!?
NOW YA SEE WHY I'M
KING OF THE CAGE!
NOT YET.
WHAT THAT MEAN?
YOU THINK
YOU'LL WIN?!
NOT THINK.
I KNOW IT
WITH ALL MY SOUL!
I SHOULD WARN YOU.
THE ZANE YOU
THINK YOU KNEW
IS LONG GONE!
ALL THIS TIME
I'VE BEEN FOCUSING
ON NONSENSE LIKE
RESPECTING MY OPPONENTS.
WHEN I SHOULD HAVE BEEN
THINKING ABOUT WINNING!
I PLAYED BY THE RULES.
AND LOOK WHERE
IT GOT ME. NOWHERE!
DUELING'S ABOUT MAKING
UP YOUR OWN RULES!
RIGHT?!
AND ABOUT TAPPING INTO
YOUR ANGER TO WIN!
I REVEAL MY
FACEDOWN CARD!
CALL OF THE HAUNTED!
WHAT?!
NOW I CAN SEARCH
THROUGH MY GRAVEYARD
AND CHOOSE ONE
MONSTER TO SUMMON.
AND I PICK MY
PROTO-CYBER DRAGON!
THEN I'LL PLAY
THIS CARD!
READY? IT'S
OVERLOAD FUSION.
IT LETS ME CHOOSE
A FUSION MONSTER
FROM MY DECK
AND CALL IT
TO THE FIELD!
LET ME SEE...
WHO WILL I USE
TO TEAR YOU
TO SHREDS!?
AHHHH, I KNOW!
CHIMERATECH
OVERDRAGON!
ARE YOU SURE
ABOUT THAT?!
I HAVEN'T BEEN THIS
SURE IN MONTHS!
BUT FIRST I NEED
TO REMOVE SIX
OF MY MONSTERS
FROM THE GAME!
ACTUALLY, I'M
ONLY REQUIRED
TO REMOVE TWO,
BUT I'M IN
A DESTRUCTIVE
MOOD TODAY.
SO LET'S DO THIS.
I REMOVE...
SIX OF MY DRAGONS
FROM PLAY!
AND NOW...MEET
THE LAST MONSTER
YOU'LL EVER SEE!
RISE! CHIMERATECH
OVERDRAGON!
[ROARS]
THAT'S A WHOLE
LOTTA ATTACK POINTS!
NOW, OVERDRAGON...
IT'S TIME FOR REVENGE!
ATTACK HIS
MULTIPLE SLIME!
DAT ALL YOU GOT!?
WELL, DID YOU KNOW
THAT WHEN YOU DESTROY
MY MULTIPLE SLIME
IT LEAVES A LITTLE
PRESENT IN ITS PLACE?
THREE SLIME MONSTER
TOKENS!
AND THEN...
I'LL PLAY THIS!
MY TRAP TRIP!
HERE'S HOW IT WORKS!
ONE OF MY TRAPS...
COMES BACK TO ME!
HEE HEE HEE!
YOUR LAST MACHINE
VIRUS, RIGHT?
WELL, I'LL
ADMIT THAT'S
A POWERFUL CARD...
IF YOU CAN USE IT!
I CAN!
I HAVE THREE TOKENS,
REMEMBER?
AND ALL I NEED IS ONE.
'CAUSE THEN
I CAN SACRIFICE IT
TO ACTIVATE MY TRAP!
THAT'S JUST IT!
NONE OF 'EM
WILL SURVIVE!
FACE IT,
IT'S OVER!
UH-UH. LIAR!
ARE YOU SURE THIS
IS GONNA WORK?!
SINCE I DITCHED
SIX CARDS...
MY OVERDRAGON IS NOW ABLE
TO ATTACK YOU SIX TIMES!
IT CAN?!
IT CAN.
OVERDRAGON! END THIS!
[ROARS]
[GROANING]
[CROWD SCREAMING]
IT WORKED.
ZANE IS REBORN.
HA HA HA!
Man: YET ANOTHER WIN
FOR ZANE TRUESDALE!
I'M TELLING YOU, FOLKS,
THIS PRO IS DUELING LIKE
A MAN POSSESSED!
COULD THE SECRET
TO HIS RECENT SUCCESS BE
IN HIS EDGY NEW LOOK?
PERHAPS.
ALL I KNOW IS:
ZANE TRUESDALE IS BACK ON TOP!
[THINKING]
I KNOW MY BROTHER,
AND HE WOULD NEVER
DUEL LIKE THAT.
WHOEVER THAT GUY IS...
IT'S NOT ZANE!
♪ CHILLIN' OUT
WITH THE CREW IN
THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE ♪
♪ NEVER LOOKING
TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL,
BACK AT CLASS ♪
♪ THEY NEVER
TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOTTA
LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES,
HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE
'EM ON TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GAME ON,
GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, COME ON
AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪